docs: update development documentation (#220)
ubopod/ubo_app: README.md

#### Setting up the development environment

To set up the development environment, you need to [have `uv` installed](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/).

First, clone the repository (you need to have [git-lfs installed](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/working-with-files/managing-large-files/installing-git-large-file-storage)):

```bash
git clone https://github.com/ubopod/ubo_app.git
git lfs install
git lfs pull
```

Then, navigate to the project directory and install the dependencies:

```bash
uv sync --dev
```

Now you can run the app with:

```bash
HEADLESS_KIVY_DEBUG=true uv run ubo
```

#### Run the app on the physical device

Add `ubo-development-pod` host in your ssh config at `~/.ssh/config`:

```plaintext
Host ubo-development-pod
  HostName <ubopod IP here>

>   User pi

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  User pi
  IdentityFile PATH-TO-PRIVAT-KEY
```

Author: @zytegalaxy 
Thanks for the review!
Regarding this comment: there are many ssh options that can be configured here but we don't want to cover ssh docs. `IdentityFile` is not essential to be able to use this feature. I'm not using it for example.

Reviewer: @sassanh Are you using ssh keys or password? I believe if you use ssh keys you need to specify the `IdentityFile` in config file otherwise it won't connect. I added a comment above this line to clarify that this is optional. I would rather be more explicit in instructions to avoid any doubts.

```

> ⚠️*Note: You may want to add the public key of the device to your authorized keys so that you don't need to enter the password each time you ssh into the device.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⚠️*Note: You may want to add the ssh public key to the device 's authorized keys (`~/.ssh/authorized_keys`) so that you don't need to enter the password each time you ssh into the device. If you decide to use password instead,  you need to reset the password for Pi user first using the GUI on device by going to Menu -> Settings -> System -> Users and select pi user*
```
